Test scenarios for wattsapp:

check for installation of application in playstore
check the create account functionality
check for the contacts are displayed or not
check add profile picture option
check sending and receiving message options are working
check audio call and vedio call options
check status is updated day to day or not
create a group option is working or not
check delete account functionality

Test cases for wattsapp:
1.check for installation of application in playstore
	Firstly check that the Whatsapp application is available for download on play store.
	When you click on the install button, the application gets installed.
	After the installation is finished, a Whatsapp icon should appear.
	Click on that icon and check that the application gets opened or not.
2.check the create account functionality
	When you open the application, does it ask you to enter your phone number?
	Verify that if the user enters the phone number exceeds ten digits, It displays an error message.
	If the user enters a correct phone number, a verification code is sent to the entered/registered number.
	User cannot register an existing number for creating a new Whatsapp account.
 	All contact details saved in the user’s phone/account gets imported to Whatsapp contact list.
3.check for the contacts are displayed or not
	When the user tries to upload profile photo/status, does it gets uploaded successfully?
4.check sending and receiving message options are working
	Verify that the user can send messages to an individual contact or not.
	Check that user can send images to contacts or not.
5.check audio call and vedio call options
	Check that the user can send Audios/Videos to the contacts or not.
	Verify that the user can check the message details like the message delivered time and reading time.
	Check that the user can call and receive Whatsapp Audio and Video calls.
	Verify that the user can block any contact.
	Check that Blocked contact user doesn’t receive any message or call from that person.
	Check that user is able to set the status or not on the Whatsapp app.
6.create a group option is working or not
	Check that the user can create a Whatsapp group.
	The user can set a name for the created group.
	Check that the user can add and save the group description.
	Verify that the user can make multiple people as group Admin.
	Check that only group admins can add people to the group.
	The admin can delete users from this group.
7.check delete account functionality

Negative Test cases of Whatsapp:

You can try to send more than 30 images at a time.
Verify that are you able to send large videos(exceeds limited size) or not.
Try to send hundreds of messages at the same time to a person and then check the behaviour of this application.
Try to register with the same number on two different devices at the same time.
Check that are you able to forward a message to more than five people.
Try to add more than 256 members in a group.